India's
energy
landscape
is
shifting
with
PNG
piped
connections
on
the
rise
LPG
supply
tightness
drives
this
surge
impacting
industries
and
the
economy
This
could
boost
sectors
like
steel
and
automobile
benefiting
companies
like
TATAMOTORS
However
rising
fuel
prices
may
impact
HDFCBANK's
loan
portfolios
and
INFY's
operational
costs
Proactive
management
is
key
to
navigating
these
headwinds
and
opportunities
in
the
energy
sector
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis